our home a healthier world where we in
our family pass most of our time
traditional vacuum cleaners fail to
capture all the fine particulate being
vacuumed with a certain percentage of
particulate simply redistributed back
into the room that fine dust settles
back onto surfaces this can also
contribute to allergenic diseases and
leaves the room with a musty smell using
traditional vacuums requires additional
dusting to remove the fine dust from
surfaces the solution to this problem of
indoor pollution is the central vacuum
system that efficiently and effectively
removes all vacuumed air away and
outside living and work areas and as
some clinical university studies can
confirm improving the quality of our
lives
vacuums contaminated air is filtered
through a special polyester filter
before being exhausted but DS and
central vacuum unit is installed far
from the living rooms and connected by
rigid pipe network with Inlet valves
strategically placed inside the house
the system is installed in two phases
first during the hardware construction
of a new home or renovation of existing
home second is the installation of the
central power unit and inlet valves the
light flexible hose is plugged into the
wall or floor valve with a remote
control on the handle the central unit
starts vacuuming with a powerful but
silent flow the design range is ideal
for any kind of construction with easily
concealed compact units available also
with enclosure for external balcony
installation up to big industrial
systems
the large variety of the inlet valve
suits every architect and consumer
tastes flexible hose reaches every
corner for a quick cleaning the right
brushes and other accessories are
included in every cleaning set making it
extremely easy to clean all floor types
as well as cleaning all above floor
services
a design system is about three times
more powerful than on traditional
portable vacuum and can save a lot of
energy with its high efficiency motors
you spend less time vacuuming and the
systems are virtually maintenance-free
central vacuum system is recognized from
all international rating institutions of
green homes for the significant
tribution to energy saving and the
Wellness in the indoor air quality a
design central vacuum can be amortized
in a short time represents a true
investment for the air quality of your
home
you